



individual 41 is eliminated, because it is not informative enough
individual 86 is eliminated, because it is not informative enough
individual 87 is eliminated, because it is not informative enough
individual 88 is eliminated, because it is not informative enough
individual 89 is eliminated, because it is not informative enough
individual 90 is eliminated, because it is not informative enough
individual 91 is eliminated, because it is not informative enough
individual 92 is eliminated, because it is not informative enough
individual 93 is eliminated, because it is not informative enough
individual 94 is eliminated, because it is not informative enough
individual 95 is eliminated, because it is not informative enough
individual 96 is eliminated, because it is not informative enough
individual 97 is eliminated, because it is not informative enough
individual 98 is eliminated, because it is not informative enough
individual 99 is eliminated, because it is not informative enough
individual 100 is eliminated, because it is not informative enough
individual 101 is eliminated, because it is not informative enough
individual 102 is eliminated, because it is not informative enough
individual 103 is eliminated, because it is not informative enough
individual 104 is eliminated, because it is not informative enough
individual 105 is eliminated, because it is not informative enough
individual 106 is eliminated, because it is not informative enough
individual 107 is eliminated, because it is not informative enough
individual 108 is eliminated, because it is not informative enough
individual 109 is eliminated, because it is not informative enough
individual 110 is eliminated, because it is not informative enough
individual 111 is eliminated, because it is not informative enough
individual 112 is eliminated, because it is not informative enough
individual 113 is eliminated, because it is not informative enough
individual 114 is eliminated, because it is not informative enough
individual 115 is eliminated, because it is not informative enough